Every single little thing you do today is the result of the decisions you make.
How do you know when you're making the best choices?
Well... if you're like most of us... you'll have your own standards that you live by.
You probably know a lot about what's expected of you from your interactions with the people closest to you.
You also know what to do when a stranger asks for help, right?
There's a good chance you already know how to do your bit in
protecting our community and the natural resources we depend on.
And you definitely know who you want to work with when you need to get the job done,
because you know what's required to keep your household running smoothly.
And even when you don't know what to do,
you know where to go for help in figuring it out... Right?
Right. Because everything you do is about creating a better future for yourself and those who rely on you,
and doing it in a way that you can be proud of.
Same goes for all of us at the Australia Post Group.
Every day we're interacting and working together to create a great culture.
We're helping our customers and meeting their changing expectations.
We're out in the community, embracing our responsibilities to the world around us.
We're collaborating with our partners and driving innovation in this digital age.
And we're putting our foot down to accelerate our business so we can
deliver a better future for everyone, everywhere.
We do all of this in a way that is ethical and consistent with Our Values.
It all comes down to the things we do and the decisions we make, every day.
What part will you play?